Clarify TiKV large-row limit in transaction restraints (#23338) (#23348) (#23351)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-transaction-restraints.md

    - You can adjust it by using the [`performance.txn-entry-size-limit`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#txn-entry-size-limit-new-in-v4010-and-v500) configuration parameter of tidb-server for TiDB v4.0.10 and later v4.0.x versions, TiDB v5.0.0 and later versions. The value is `6 MB` for versions earlier than v4.0.10.
    - Starting from v7.6.0, you can use the [`tidb_txn_entry_size_limit`](/system-variables.md#tidb_txn_entry_size_limit-new-in-v760) system variable to dynamically modify the value of this configuration item.

>     - Note that TiKV also limits the data size of a single write request. If the data size of a single write request exceeds [`raftstore.raft-entry-max-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#raft-entry-max-size), which is `8 MiB` by default, TiKV rejects the request. When a single row is large, you need to adjust both the TiDB row-size limit (`performance.txn-entry-size-limit`, or `tidb_txn_entry_size_limit` starting from v7.6.0) and `raftstore.raft-entry-max-size` in TiKV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Note that TiKV also limits the data size of a single write request. If the data size of a single write request exceeds [`raftstore.raft-entry-max-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#raft-entry-max-size), which is `8 MiB` by default, TiKV rejects the request. When a single row is large, you need to adjust both `tidb_txn_entry_size_limit` for TiDB and `raftstore.raft-entry-max-size` for TiKV.
```
